
###Research concept- Model

In recent years, electronic health records (EHRs) have emerged as popular healthcare delivery channels.  It’s benefits includes easy access to patient data, health information sharing and making it easier for doctors to offer continuity of care to patients both under their care and those under the care of other doctors. The widespread acceptance of electronic health records has made them critical components of today's healthcare system. During patient encounter, documentation of patient health information in EHRs is done using a natural language which results in unstructured documents that can be used to guide patient care and often require extensive manual review to understand the health history of a patient. The large volume of clinical documents makes it difficult to get an overview of a health history of a patient quickly. During patient care, physicians are often required to make critical medical decisions that may be based on previous patient’s health history from the patient’s chart. Physicians are therefore confronted with increasingly complex patient histories based on which they must make medical treatment decisions. Much of the documentation that is generated during patient care is stored in electronic health record (EHR) systems which can be referenced many times just like traditional paper charts. The availability of health data also creates an opportunity to study and analyze data at an unprecedented scale. Most of this information are unstructured free text documents stored as health records and written on a daily basis by clinicians documenting cases for individual patients. Towards tackling the problems of information overload, there is a need for (EHR) text summarization tools that are able to automatically generate a summarize view of information in these health records. Such systems would enable clinicians to spend less time reading health history of a patient and more time treating the patients. 

###Required

We are proposing a privacy preserving enhanced text summarization model which can be used to analyze health text to help the user get a summarized view of raw text as well as a visual representation of concepts and relationships.  The main concept is a graphical model that summarizes textual documents and give a graphical overview from a text corpus. This is extremely useful, as humans are unable to process large collection of text all at once, we propose on efficient ways to allow navigation, grouping, searching and discovering concepts with visual abstractions. 

###Note: 
Suggestions or proposals on how to handle this problem is highly welcome. The key issue is privacy of data subjects in textual documents.
